Copyright Notice

All content on this website, including text, graphics, logos, images, and software, is the property of Noka Ya Africa or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this website is the exclusive property of Noka Ya Africa and protected by international copyright laws.

All software used on this website is the property of Noka Ya Africa or its software suppliers and protected by international copyright laws.

Trademarks

Noka Ya Africa and all other trademarks, service marks, and trade names used on this website are the property of Noka Ya Africa or their respective owners.

Disclaimer

The information on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Noka Ya Africa assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions on this website.

In no event shall Noka Ya Africa be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not Noka Ya Africa has been advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or any other materials or services provided.

Permission to Use

You may download, view, copy, and print documents and graphics incorporated in these documents (the "Documents") from this website subject to the following conditions:

- The Documents may be used solely for personal, informational, non-commercial purposes.
- The Documents may not be modified or altered in any way.
- The Documents may not be distributed or reproduced in any form without the express written permission of Noka Ya Africa.

Noka Ya Africa reserves the right to revoke this permission at any time and for any reason.

Links to Other Websites

This website may contain links to other websites that are not under the control of Noka Ya Africa. Noka Ya Africa has no responsibility for the linked websites nor does it endorse the linked websites. Noka Ya Africa provides the links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Noka Ya Africa of the linked website.

Governing Law

This website is controlled and operated by Noka Ya Africa from its offices within Republic of Botswana. Noka Ya Africa makes no representation that the Materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.

These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Republic of Botswana, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms shall be filed only in the state courts of Republic of Botswana and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Noka Ya Africa and you with respect to this website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written.
